# Library tracking system using C++

TASK

A small library needs a system to track the details of their available books and members. They provided 
you with the data source CSV file. The file contains details of all books that are available for members
to borrow and return within three days. It is made available to you for implementation and testing,
but the system should allow any file to be used - a different file will be used for your CW marking (do
NOT hardcode the filename). You have been provided with the UML diagram in Figure 1 to design the
software and must implement the classes as shown – any deviation will be marked down. You must
use the Git version control system with regular commits pushed to a repository on either Bitbucket or
GitHub.
You should NOT use any third-party libraries or code as a part of your solution and all code must be
written by you, e.g., not automatically generated by an A.I. or IDE. Do not use any non-standard code
or libraries or system calls in your program.

SCENARIO

A small library has these types of books that are available to borrow for members only:
1. Science fiction
2. Satire
3. Drama
4. Action and Adventure
5. Romance
6. Mystery
7. Horror
8. Health
9. Guide
10. Diaries
11. Comics
12. Journals
13. Biographies
14. Fantasy
15. History
16. Science
17. Art
All books have an id, name, author, type, and page count.

The program will only be used by the librarian at the library (not by customers/members) and will not
take payment details.
The system should include the following functionality:
 Add a member – the librarian should be able to create a new member and display the new
member’s details directly following the creation of the member.
 Issue a book to a member – the librarian should be able to issue a book to an individual
member with a valid due date from the date of issue (3 days).
 Return a book – the librarian should be able to return a book from an individual member.
 Display all books borrowed by any individual member – the librarian should be able to display
all books borrowed by an individual member.
 Calculate a fine for any individual member for overdue book(s) – upon the return of a book, if
the book’s due date has expired, a fine should be calculated based on a rate of £1 per day
overdue.
Your program must have input validation to ensure it performs correctly and helpful error messages
informing the user of any incorrect input. It should be intuitive, i.e., the user shouldn’t need to read
the source code or attend training to know how to use the system.
